== Overview ==

The generated data consists of two files in the assets directory. These are:

• index.dat - Contains a trie structure to quickly index the articles
  by the infinitive

• articles.dat - Contains the actual articles

All integers are in little-endian. In some places a variable length
integer is used. This is a series of 7-bit values packed into bytes in
little-endian. Bit 7 in each byte is used to mark whether more bytes
follow.

== index.dat ==

The index.dat files contains:

• A two-byte integer specifying the number of verbs

• A list of four-byte file offsets for each article. The offset is
  from the start of the list of articles. This can be used to jump to
  a particular article number.

• The articles themselves

== Article format ==

Each article consists of the following:

• A two-byte integer to specify the parent article number which this
  one inherits from or 0xffff if the article has no parent.

• A list of variable assignments

• A 0xff byte to mark the end of the article

Each variable assignments is as follows:

• A single byte to represent the variable name.

• A byte for the length of the value.

• The value as a UTF-8 encoded string.

The value string can contain references to other variables by using
the characters 0x00→0x1f. These shouldn't be needed in the string
anyway. The character represents the variable number to substitute.
The values should be taken from the current article if it provides
one, or from the nearest ancestor article if not. If the ancestor
value also contains variable references then the value search should
start again from the child.

== index.dat ==

The index.dat file contains a searchable index by the infitive and
points to the corresponding articles. The index name is stripped of
non-alphabetic characters (including ‘·’) and all of the diacritics
are removed so that there will just be the characters a-z.

The trie structure consists of a single trie node where a trie node is
a recursive variable length structure consisting of :-

• A variable length integer. The least-significant bit of this value
  has a special meaning. The remaining bits are the offset in bytes to
  the next sibling of this node, excluding this integer.

• 1-6 bytes of UTF-8 encoding data to represent the character of
  this node.

If bit 0 of the offset is set then the word is a valid entry and will
be followed by a two-byte article number.

The two most-significant bits of the article number have a special
meaning.

Bit 15: If this is set then there is a subsequent article after this
        one matching this index name. Otherwise this article
        represents the end of the list.

Bit 14: If is is set then this entry has a different display name from
        its name in the trie. In that case immediately following these
        two bytes will be a single byte representing the length of the
        display in bytes, followed by the name itself.

Following that there is a list of child nodes of this node.

